NARRATOR: Previously...
He just makes me a better person.
NARRATOR: Love was in the air
at the very first commitment
ceremony.
I am happy. content. feeling safe.
"Stay."
I'd be so silly to say anything
but "Stay."
I ain't leaving!
There's core elements of healthy.
successful intimate relationships
that you two have.
NARRATOR: Our three experts gave
our couples much needed perspective.
There are different levels
to communication.
And if I do fall in love.
those problems won't be so big.
NARRATOR: But following
some tough questions...
I was hopeful.
Tim. hold on a minute.
Of what?
I don't know. to be honest.
I don't know either.
"Leave."
..Katie and Tim left the experiment.
He said Jacqui had crazy eyes.
NARRATOR: And...
He said he's not racist or anything.
but he's more of a Caucasian
girl guy.
NARRATOR: Jake's comments
left the room speechless
before he revealed he wanted
to leave the experiment.
"Leave."
Step up. mate. and stay.
NARRATOR: Tonight...
A shock decision.
Which of our couples will leave
the experiment?
And then...
Hello!
..Alessandra's Intimacy Week
begins...
I want you all to create
for your partner
your ultimate fantasy night.
..and tonight. the ladies
will be calling all the shots.
Ooh!
Dave is going to have
a heart attack.
NARRATOR: Can the men rise
to the occasion?
Tonight is all about
showing my dominance.
Yummy. (CHUCKLES)
NARRATOR: And Jacqui and Ryan's
attempt at intimacy...
Mm-hm!
JACQUI: I think Ryan struggles
with words
on how to complement a woman.
..takes a dramatic turn.
How hard is it to just be like.
"Hey. I made a mistake.
You're (BLEEP) gorgeous." Like...
That's right.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(GRAND SWEEPING MUSIC)
How did you sleep?
Actually good.
I love my eggs.
(CHUCKLES)
What the (BLEEP) happened
last night?
NARRATOR: It's the morning after
an eventful first commitment
ceremony...
..and the couples are reflecting
on the dramatic final departure
of Katie and Tim.
I'm so surprised that he came.
Endless high-fives for Katie.
Considering how jarring
that would have been
for her to see Tim
come through those doors.
Yeah. no. she is...
She definitely deserves better.
It's mind-boggling to me that
you come in. you sacrifice so much
to be in this experiment.
and then you don't try.
Yeah. Like. sometimes sparks
happen later.
Like. look at you and I
for an example.
Yeah.
You know. on the day I walked
down the aisle.
I thought that. like. we were
completely in the friend zone
and now. we're slightly
out of the friend zone.
Yeah.
NARRATOR: With most of the couples
still reeling
from the after-shocks
of last night...
..Morena is up in arms
about something else.
I didn't like last night
being called senora.
NARRATOR: A throwaway comment
made by groom Paul
as he was bidding her good night.
Oh. my god.
That's something you call someone
who's 90.
she's got a bun in her hair.
she's got a couple of warts
and hair on her chin.
(CHUCKLES) I don't think
he meant it in a bad way.
Paul called Morena senora.
In my eyes. that's not a bad thing.
I think that's a nice cute thing.
But she's not happy.
I'm... I'm... I'm the senior
in-house.
And then you say. "Senora"?
I would have much preferred.
"Good tonight. signorina."
Oh.
Yeah. see how pretty it is?
That's the problem there. you know?
If something bothers her. she
just goes on and on and on about it.
So. it's pretty tiring.
I don't know. "Good night. darling."
Or "Good night. sweet."
Or "Good night..."
But you don't know me.
Don't call me senora.
When I get hit with stuff like that.
I zone out.
Just "Good night. Morena."
Oh. man. I'm tired.
NARRATOR: With the fallout
from the first commitment ceremony
is still fresh in their minds...
..a dramatic gear change
is about to take place...
Do you want a coffee?
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Oh. my god!
..as the couples embark
on one of the most exciting.
meaningful. and confronting phases
of the experiment.
Oh! There's another letter!
They're doing this to us again!
NARRATOR: Intimacy Week.
For Intimacy Week this year.
I am upping the ante
with some brand-new exercises
so our couples can take the next
step in their relationships.
I actually didn't know
we were getting one of these.
Some people assume intimacy
is just purely physical
and sex focused.
but this is not the case.
Alright. "Jacqui and Ryan."
I love this!
These are the most exciting thing
of the week for me.
I want them to feel safe.
allow themselves to be vulnerable.
and find the courage to step outside
their comfort zones
in order to help forge
lasting connections.
"Ola. couples."
It must be Alessandra.
Alessandra. yep.
I'm glad you're reading this one.
(LAUGHS)
Ola!
"This next phase of the experiment
"is about building trust
with your partner
"and strengthening your
understanding of connection.
"romance. and sexual compatibility."
(CHUCKLES)
"Later today. I will be hosting
a workshop with all the brides
"and then all the grooms."
(LAUGHS)
"Be prepared to learn some
home truths about intimacy
"that I hope you can explore
with one another.
"I'll see you soon. Alessandra."
Ooh. OK.
(LAUGHS)
Just reading her name
is like intimacy full stop.
Like...
Alessandra.
It's so sexy.
Like. she would say...
She's just...
It's going to be...
NARRATOR: With excitement building
amongst the group
for Intimacy Week...
..one couple is facing
a shock turn of events...
..as Ashleigh has awoken to news
husband. Jake.
is breaking the rules
and quitting the experiment.
(PENSIVE SOUNDTRACK)
After the commitment ceremony.
Jake and I spent the night apart...
..and then I woke up this morning
to him coming and packing his bags
and saying he's gone for good.
He's going back to Perth.
Honestly. I don't know
if I wasn't here.
in the room at the time.
I don't know if he would have
actually told me he was leaving.
I think after last night.
he thought it was just done.
he could just scooch
on out of here.
So. what specifically did he say?
He said. "Jacqui had crazy eyes."
NARRATOR: Last night.
Jake was called out
for comments he'd made
about several of the brides...
He said he's not racist or anything
but he's more of a Caucasian
girl guy.
..comments Ashleigh
had also previously shared
with fellow bride. Sierah.
What else did Jake say?
The comment that I've heard you say
about my wife
is. "She looks like someone
"that stands at the end
of your bed...
"..with a knife."
I don't think Jake's a bad person.
No.
I think he's very ignorant
and I don't think he's got
much self-awareness.
It's just the maturity levels.
Yes. Yeah.
But he also said
really shitty things
and that's exactly why I called it
because I ain't having someone
speak about my wife like that.
Yeah.
I do want Jake to understand
that I would never stand
at the end of his bed
while he's asleep and murder him.
I would do it while he's awake.
so I can stare him in the eye.
I hope they stick around
because yeah. Ash deserves love
and Jake could obviously have
a lot of personal growth
and stuff like that
from this experience.
ASHLEIGH: If it's the last time
we are going to like see each other.
what happened? Because like...
Did... Like...
From last night. like...
Like...
I think at the commitment ceremony.
he decided he was leaving.
I think he was just hoping
I'd write. "Leave". too.
You said you wrote. "Leave".
because you don't trust me.
I lost a bit of the trust in you.
Ash. if we're completely honest.
and that really hurt.
And. like. you know. Billy
and Sierah
knew virtually bar for bar
what I said.
Last night was a lot to take in.
You know. I learned a lot about Ash
last night on that couch.
A lot of things I actually dislike.
Last night was a lot.
That whole situation.
like. no one made you say anything
that you didn't want to say.
I'm sorry. I just don't.
We're just getting further apart
at this point.
And I came into the experiment
saying.
"I'm going to be selfish
with what I want
"and I don't want to change".
and I am sticking to that.
Not how I want and things...
..with you. having a bit of a tiff.
I'd rather not.
I do think the blaming the trust
issue now is a bit of a cop-out.
I think it was just his best out.
Catch ya.
He doesn't want to face it.
He doesn't want to face
the repercussions of his actions.
what the group would have to say
and what would be said about him.
Alright. Ash.
I'm done packing.
I don't know even what to say.
Um...
The one thing I do
is have a vent to my friends
'cause I had an awful time
here with you
and I tried so hard
and I pushed so hard
to keep trying to communicate.
and keep trying to. you know.
give you time
and give you everything you needed.
It's not like I ran off
with another groom.
(LAUGHS) Like. you know.
and you carry on
like you can't trust me.
Like. 'cause I bloody had
to just talk my feelings out
about some things
that you did and you said.
(EXHALES)
So. you know what? Thanks for that.
I'm actually not going
to feel guilty anymore
because I'm glad... I'm glad
I spoke to my friend.
Well...
NARRATOR: Jake's decision
to break the rules...
..brings his marriage to Ashleigh
to an abrupt end.
With no choice left
but to leave with him.
Ashleigh will now have to pack
her things
and the couple will exit
the experiment for good.
Disappointed how the last
interaction with Ash ended.
Very disappointed
that she just didn't try
and make it a pleasant experience.
I tried so bloody hard...
..to make it work with him.
And then he just. like. cracks it.
I think...
I think Jake is a 30-year-old man...
..with the maturity of a teenager.
It's pretty disappointing.
NARRATOR: Coming up...
Adrian and I are intimate.
I mean. we were intimate
just before I came.
(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: The brides open up
in Alessandra's intimacy workshop.
Girls. I don't want
to dampen anything.
but Tony sleeps on the couch
and he's asleep by five.
You can't even imagine
what that feels like.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
NARRATOR: After the shock departure
of Ashleigh and Jake.
the remaining brides have arrived
at Alessandra's workshop.
Ah!
Hello!
NARRATOR: With the grooms' workshop
soon to follow...
Welcome!
..it will be an opportunity
for the group to check in
on each other's progress
as Intimacy Week unfolds.
Grab a seat. Make yourselves
comfortable.
I'm already excited. I'm already
aroused.
(LAUGHTER)
Welcome. ladies.
to our Intimacy Week workshop.
I'm so excited to have you all.
This year. I am upping the ante.
I want you guys to really dig deep
and be able to truly communicate
yourselves
and build a strong foundation
with your partners
to then explore
or to simultaneously be exploring
your pleasurable sexual sides.
We're you all thinking
it was just going to be.
like. sex toys and whips?
Just hoping?
(LAUGHTER)
I'm feeling pretty good
about Intimacy Week.
I want to know everything.
so I'm just keen to hear
what's going on with everyone else.
I want all the details.
So. I do want to understand
where you're all standing
in your relationships currently.
Awhina. give me a picture
of what's happening with you guys.
Well. Adrian and I are intimate.
I mean. we were intimate
just before I came.
(LAUGHTER)
We still have work though.
Like. I will be so honest.
but we are enjoying the ride there.
Not sure if there's much tea
with me and Adrian.
Quite boring vanilla. baby.
(LAUGHS)
Are you normally confident
regarding your sexuality?
Usually. I am...
I would say I'm usually more
confident in the bedroom.
I have some insecurities
within myself being a mum.
My body. I'm kind of like.
Adrian hasn't been with a mum
before.
and I get a little bit insecure
in that aspect.
When I'm having sex with someone.
it's less about what they look like
and it's more about how I feel.
I can relate.
I think it's all about
how you feel.
For me. it's like an ego boost.
like. having sex.
Like. I want to be told
how amazing I am
and men don't understand
how hard it is on us sometimes.
You can get better sex from us
by really telling us how... Yeah.
Yeah. validating us.
Like. tell me how amazing I am.
Like. I'm big on words.
I'm actually really deep.
Well. I think Dave is a man
who can go there...
Yeah.
..and for him.
probably it has to do with building
the trust
and really connecting more.
Yeah.
What about you. Jacqui?
I want to always be connected
to my partner. all the time.
I'm like a passionate person.
Like. I just love intimacy so much.
You would always
be connected?
(LAUGHTER)
If it were up to you for you
to feel. like.
"Mmm. I'm like satisfied and good".
how many times per week?
I think like every day. Yeah.
Every day?
Oh. that's a good time.
Wait. so are you and Ryan
having sex?
No. no.
No.
I know with Ryan and I.
we could very easily be very intimate
and it be amazing.
Like. there's definitely been moments
of attraction
but Ryan and I are working
on a companionship at the moment.
We're trying to find things
in common.
Do you feel that you're confident
in the bedroom when it comes to sex?
Yes. Yeah. definitely.
Where does the confidence
come from for you?
I think I've always been with. like.
very loving and respectful partners
who have been very emotionally
attuned to me and what I need.
saying they think I'm the most
beautiful girl in the world
and. like. you know. I'm so gorgeous.
"I love your hair. you've got.
like. a beautiful arse."
Saying. "I love your body". like.
just always giving me compliments.
I think from Ryan. I need him
to keep up the. like. consideration
of my physical needs
and also admire me
a little bit more.
Like. tell me I'm beautiful
and find me attractive.
Yeah. So. that's what I need
from Ryan.
You respond well to being
worshipped and adored.
I wouldn't say worshipped.
I would just say adored.
Validation is important
but. like. I think it has
to continue both ways.
It's not only on them to do this.
It is also on us to give
that feedback back.
so that they can feel like peacocky
and. like. fabulous
and want to come and seduce.
And Rhi. I want to go to you
because as ex-partners. your case
is unprecedented
and it's interesting because
you did have a sexual relationship
that was ongoing for. what was it.
a month or two.
a couple of months last year.
Yeah.
And you were concerned.
if I remember correctly.
you're scared now
because you don't want it
to fizzle out.
Again.
Because you felt
it fizzled out once.
Jeff and I have done more
than touching feet on the couch.
Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
We're very affectionate. I think.
like. we hug but we are taking it
quite slow.
Like. a lot of the other couples
are being romantic and intimate.
I have voiced
I don't want to rush it.
I want it to feel right.
I don't want it to fizzle out
and I think. I don't know
if he has that in his head.
Well. if he's respectful.
he's going to consider that
and maybe will be holding back...
Yeah.
..not to make you feel
uncomfortable.
If he wants to connect and you've
said. "I don't want to rush it".
then he's going to be. like. "I'm
listening and I'm not rushing it."
And if you're thinking.
"Why is he not doing?".
then the signals are mixed.
Our sex life was really good
last year.
Like. I kept coming back for more.
Well. that's always good.
You've tried before you've buyed.
It can't have been too bad.
But I just - a really don't want it
to fizzle. that's all.
Like. I just want to do - yeah.
It's really interesting
with the fizzling.
There is a difference
between desire and pleasures.
The desire is not necessarily
maintainable.
Desire you have over things
you don't have already.
But when you're married. you have
that person. you've conquered them.
that's why so many people.
I think. fall into traps.
The keep wanting
to feel that desire.
It's not going to be desire.
You want to be able to focus
on the pleasures
you can explore together
once you've already conquered
the person you have next to you.
And I'm going to go to you. Sierah.
Give me a picture of what's
happening with you guys.
It's like. I don't know. I just
don't know if we're just mates now.
Like. Billy and I have only had sex
once a couple of weeks ago
and the fact that we have had sex
and then now nothing.
and now we're mates. I'm. like.
how do we actually get back there?
Why do you get the impression
that he doesn't want to be intimate
again?
Well. 'cause he doesn't do anything.
I mean. just like little kisses.
He's like. really. it's cute.
We're cute. but. like. that's all.
I want to be sexy not cute.
I walk around completely naked too.
It's like. "Don't you want
a piece of this?"
Touch it. touch it.
I don't know how many times I can
say. "Just (BLEEP) touch it."
I just want to be touched.
Spank me. You know?
Sorry. you walk around naked?
Yeah. Like. not all the time.
No. which - nothing wrong with that.
Yeah.
And he's just got what?
A blank look on his face?
He's just like...
You need to let him know you don't
want him to be so respectful.
But you're giving him a sign.
you're in the nude.
That's - so. you're saying...
"Bite my nipples."
(LAUGHTER)
When you're not seen. you're not
heard. you're invisible... Shit.
I'm shocked actually.
I just presumed everyone
was having sex except for me.
But obviously not the case.
Look. girls. without harping on
too much.
and I don't want to dampen
anything.
but it's been a long time.
it's been seven years
since anyone has slept
in my bed.
That's a long time. girls.
I don't know if - you can't even
imagine what that feels like.
Tony. he sleeps on the couch
and he's asleep by five.
I just go to the bedroom
and I think...
I just look at the stars
and I think. "Someone talk to me."
Oh. that's sad.
Do you guys ever kiss or anything?
Like. do you have
any kind of affection?
He doesn't touch me.
No. put your hand on mine.
That's what he does.
Now. see how you put your hand
on mine?
Oh. and then he moves.
Oh. that's horrible.
And it's like...
He recoils.
It sounds horrendous.
Like. I know if I put my hand
on Dave's hand
and he - if he did that.
like. I'd be gutted. but like.
I'd be furious.
but I'd be like absolutely
gutted inside.
He's so uncomfortable and that's OK.
I told you I want to learn patience
but he's afraid that I'm going
to jump him.
I'm shocked by that.
She's a beautiful woman.
Yes. she's got her big personality
and she's very flamboyant
and. you know. that's who she is
and that's what makes her the woman
that she is.
I keep saying to him.
even as a friend.
even my friends today hug me.
What I hear when you explain
all this
is he's not even giving you space
to show up and be.
Correct.
He's not affectionate.
he's not present with me.
You know. it's been so long for me
personally
and I really did come here
to try and bond with a human being.
It would be really nice
to be getting to know Tony
on a deeper level and connecting
with him with touch.
A warm fuzzy feeling internal.
that's not a big ask.
It's really interesting
what you're saying.
I think it does bring me to - I was
going to wait until later
but I think it's the perfect time
to let you guys know
what I - my task for all of you is.
The first task for you
for Intimacy Week starts today
right after you leave here.
I want you all to create
for your partners
what your perfect date is.
Oh. I love that.
So. this is to be your ultimate
fantasy night.
You get to choose.
you get to decide.
Morena. this is your chance
to take control.
He is not allowed to be asleep
at five
if that's not what you have in mind.
You take control
of time with a partner
and having that be sexy.
However that manifests.
however you create it.
What makes you feel special.
You know. Intimacy Week.
it's actually perfect timing.
Yes. I'm taking Alessandra's
advice. definitely.
Ladies. you have a lot to think
about. a lot to figure out.
Tonight is about you showing
your partners who you are
and what your fantasies are.
Mine's going to be a bit sexy.
Yeah.
It's so good to see you guys.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to sit
maybe on the couch in...
I'll surprise him
with what I come out in.
Have fun!
Thank you!
Even though I know he doesn't want
me to but I'm going to.
And let's see where it goes.
NARRATOR: Coming up...
I bought a little something.
..Intimacy Week gets started
with a bang.
OK. boys!
I might have an orgasm.
Who knows?
NARRATOR: But not all the grooms
are embracing their tasks.
There's two rules.
I don't know. I feel like
I'm going to be attacked
by a very horny Sierah.
NARRATOR: And later...
How hard is it to just be like.
"Hey. I made a mistake.
"You're (BLEEP) gorgeous."?
Like...
(LIVELY MUSIC)
I'm so excited!
NARRATOR: With the workshop over.
the brides are getting started
on Alessandra's task.
to create their own ultimate
fantasy night.
Oh. little shopping.
Oh!
OK. you've got to help me.
NARRATOR: Jamie and Carina
are hoping their existing sex lives
can be spiced up with sexy lingerie.
I feel like if we're going to put
a bra on.
like. I'd want my boobs
to be up to my chin.
We want to look hot
but. like. in a chic. sexy.
conservative...
Empowered...
Not conservative in a lingerie shop.
No? No. OK.
It is to help us find something
that makes us feel.
I guess. our most sexy.
our most desired.
Oh! I love it!
Your body looks insane.
I'm so glad I put tan on
this morning.
Your body looks so good.
Honestly. Dave is going
to have a heart attack.
In my previous relationships.
I have always played
more of the submissive role.
Have fun. Let me know
if you need a hand.
But now. I'm going to have full
control which I'm excited about.
I'm shy! (LAUGHS)
Stop! Stop!
I want to have sex with you!
What the hell?
I love this!
We are ready to experiment.
try something different.
But do it in our way.
like. do it our way.
This is giving the dom vibes.
You know how you said you wanted
to be more dom?
I just need a whip.
This is giving dom vibes.
How do you feel?
How do you feel
with. like. the whole body
and everything.
Yeah. I feel strong.
Like. I feel confident.
It's giving. it's giving...
It's giving ready to succeed.
You might have your first MAFS baby
in this one.
(LAUGHS) Oh. my god!
OK. I'm going to go try
the other ones on.
NARRATOR: While Carina and Jamie
are embracing the chance
to take control in the bedroom...
Billy always said that he wants
to be put on a leash.
..Sierah is hoping to find a way
to make Billy take the lead.
I'm getting soft boy vibes.
Yeah.
Soft and fluffy boy vibes.
I wouldn't mind
being put on a leash.
I actually kind of - that's
one of my fantasies. I think.
bondage. is being tied up.
Yeah.
But I've got to. like. start slow
and just be touched.
Yeah. You need a cuddle first.
Yeah. I want to be touched.
Um... I'm still a bit apprehensive.
These are all for the men.
We ain't about the men today.
I think the best starting point
for Billy and I
for this task specifically
is probably just massaging.
So. like my idea
of. like. what I want
is someone to take control
and take the initiative
so. I guess. him having
to touch me all over.
like. he's kind of taking
the lead which is what I want.
Yeah. and you're hoping
it will turn him on enough
to kind of be like.
"Ooh. I'm gonna bridge that gap
"and touch where I want to touch."
Yeah.
Hopefully. that touch
is inappropriate.
Yeah. I hope so. (CHUCKLES)
NARRATOR: As the brides
work on the finishing touches
for their ultimate
fantasy night tasks.
for the first time in the experiment.
the grooms have spent
a full day home alone
trying to keep their nerves in check
about the upcoming
Intimacy Week tasks.
What I'm worried about
is just doing things
that I'm not comfortable with.
Doing cupping
and stuff like that.
That's not good to happen.
No. The only cup I need
is a cup of coffee. mate. (CHUCKLES)
Hello?
Hello.
Morena. what's happening?
I'm home.
I can see.
How are you?
Yeah. good.
Just doing some housework.
Very sexy.
Whoa!
It's very sexy watching a man clean.
(LAUGHS)
Hang on a minute.
He's absolutely pooping his pants.
God knows what he thinks
I'm going to do.
Are you hot?
(LAUGHS)
You came in and...
Far out. you're sweating.
"It's very sexy to watch
a man clean."
You're sweating and I've just walked
in the door.
You've come in and you're
all different and...
Just your face has changed.
You look happy.
You look nice.
I might've had an orgasm.
You look like you...
Who knows?
(LAUGHS) The air-conditioning
got turned up a little bit.
(LAUGHS) This is...
(LAUGHS) What's happening?
So. Alessandra has set us
a challenge
and she's called it
the ultimate fantasy night.
I have organised something.
I will surprise you
with what that is.
It's my fantasy. not yours.
I'm sure you've got your own.
You'd tell me about it?
Can you tell me about it?
Do I need to get dressed for it?
Do I...
I mean. I've got no leaves
to put here or anything like that.
that's not happening. You know that.
I might've got a leaf.
(LAUGHTER)
I'm not walking around
serving you in a leaf. mate.
No chance. (LAUGHS)
Well. if that's what the task is.
you will.
Oh. I'll be out. (LAUGHS)
I'll make sure I have a cold shower.
(LAUGHS)
So. if it's OK with you.
I'll get you to leave
because I need to set up.
You don't have to get anything?
You can go.
You need to really go.
I need to...
The door's that way.
See. I'm even confused.
You're confused.
The door's this way.
Let me show you to the door. Tony.
The door's this way
and the leaf might have just been
smaller now.
(LAUGHS)
Bye-bye. Bye.
Bye-bye.
(BLEEP) I'm sweating like crazy.
I haven't sweated like this
for a long time.
(GRAND SWEEPING MUSIC)
NARRATOR: The brides
are wholeheartedly embracing
Alessandra's ultimate
fantasy night task.
For Carina. it's an opportunity
to step outside of her comfort zone
and try something empowering.
God damn. Jesus Christ.
(BLEEP) me.
(LAUGHS) Oh!
Wow.
Tonight is all about showing
my dominance
and really trying to take
the approach
of not being submissive
towards Paul.
I feel like this
is the most romantic
I've pretty much ever been.
I'm definitely out
of my comfort zone.
That's a big one.
I might need to heat this up.
But I'm happy about it.
I'm comfortable
and I'm doing it with someone
that I really care about.
Honestly. it's a really
nice feeling.
So. I actually read it.
It actually sounds like fun.
I don't know if you want
to read it.
Adrian and I are going to play
a game.
Oh. that's cute.
They're really great things
to create intimacy.
We are setting up a date
where we meet out
and we're meeting as strangers
for the first time.
I mean. we are intimate.
We get physical.
But there's so - like. physical...
There's sex and then there's sex.
I just haven't been as adventurous
with Adrian
as I would like to be.
We've got an emotional gap
that's blocking me for being
completely comfortable with Adrian.
"Bend your partner over
and roll the dice.
"That is how many spanks
they will receive."
(LAUGHS)
"Your partner gives you a foot job."
What the (BLEEP)?
This has got a bit of foot fetish
in it.
You don't like feet?
(EXASPERATED GROAN)
But yeah. we have fun.
I'm not touching your damn feet.
Why not?
I'm not into feet.
Don't care.
Adrian!
(FOOTSTEPS IN HIGH HEELS)
I bought a little something.
(JAZZY MUSIC)
(GIGGLES)
OK. You guys gotta go!
Jesus! Holy shit!
(LAUGHS)
See you. guys! Pack up. boys!
NARRATOR: As the brides'
ultimate fantasy night
gets under way with a bang...
Tony!
Come in!
..in Morena and Tony's apartment.
the sweaty groom
is about to learn exactly
what his wife has in store for him.
Well. I've chosen this task
as my fantasy
because we're not intimate.
You know. it's been so long
for me personally.
I am going to do what I want to do
for this challenge.
If that makes Tony uncomfortable.
too bad.
The ball is in my court
and it's my show.
He has to just play by the rules.
Tony!
I have a leaf for you!
(LAUGHS)
Hello!
How are you?
(LAUGHS)
Jesus Christ.
How are you?
(LAUGHS)
Hello.
(SULTRY MUSIC)
This is my little fantasy.
Did you ever watch
the movie. 'Titanic'?
Yeah.
Well. we're going to redo it.
'Titanic'?
Well. my version of it.
OK.
I need you put your leaf on.
I'm not putting any leaf on.
You can't put a leaf on like that.
Geez. you look nice though.
You look very beautiful.
It's amazing.
I am...
Tony. Tony.
You look amazing.
Let me give you at least a hug.
You do.
That's lovely. Thank you.
You look and you smell good.
Now. now...
No. let me get that leaf
out of your hands.
(LAUGHTER)
Alright. so. you shouldn't be
nervous. Tony.
Tony. all I want you to do
is paint me like you see me.
He got a bit... flustered.
Tony. you're going to have
to drink slowly.
But feeling extremely
empowered.
So. Tony. all I need from you...
Tony.
I got this.
..is for you to paint.
That's for the brushes.
I'm already drunk
on that quarter of a glass.
The water is for the brushes.
Oh! I drank it. (LAUGHS)
That's OK. that's OK.
Walking in and seeing her
sitting on the lounge
with her lingerie
and stuff like that and...
Hello?
She had something even nicer.
She had a canvas with some paint
and I kind of...
How cool is that?
Oh. that's big strokes.
Excuse me?
(LAUGHTER)
So. whatever your eyes see
is what I want you to paint.
But just so you know. Tony.
I've never done this.
That's OK. This is why it's cool
because I've never done it.
But what - I had to think...
I had to think of a way to try
and build a connection with someone.
I mean. I could have lap-danced you.
Better than a lap dance. actually.
It was cool.
You know. there's other sides
to romance.
Like. you can do things.
as in stuff like this.
You can't make mistakes.
There's no rubbers.
And as you said. you see
a different side of a person.
she'll smile because she was happy.
I was happy.
Laughing. That's what it's about.
I let her down at the beginning.
She wanted to find romance.
And I'm not used to that
sort of stuff. I've been distant.
Today. I just snapped out of it.
I was like. "Tony. man. wake up."
You know?
Just have some fun.
make - let her have fun.
You can have fun together
and that's how I feel.
So. welcome to the 'Morena Lisa'.
That's what you're seeing right now.
Are you ready?
(LAUGHS)
How's that?
Your eyes are sad eyes
when I first met you
because of what you'd been
going through.
so I painted them.
Your smile is the Morena I meet
today and that's going on.
So. I don't understand
my sad eyes.
That's 'cause you've got your past.
like things have happened.
but also. I let you down.
Oh. OK.
And the smile
is where your coming back.
And so. it's nice to see the
different side of Morena come out.
I've said some bad...
I've said some things
that are out of place.
That's OK. that's OK.
And I'm here to make you smile.
He apologised in his own way.
That's huge.
What you did romantic-wise.
that's a ten out of ten.
That's lovely.
You know. that was really sweet.
That's actually - thank you.
That's actually really lovely.
Tonight. we definitely enjoyed
each other's company.
We had a ball. He giggled.
he gave me a ten-out-of-ten.
All in all. he was really happy.
and so was I.
Thank you.
There you go.
I really enjoyed that.
That's lovely. Tony...
That was cool.
That was fun. You did good.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(LAUGHS)
Please don't put that on there.
NARRATOR: With Intimacy Week
now well under way.
Alessandra's ultimate fantasy
night task
still has everyone on edge.
I'm not normally a clumsy person.
NARRATOR: So. bride. Rhi.
has decided to take
a gentle approach to the task.
From what I heard from that chat
with Alessandra
and the brainstorming
of this task with the other girls.
lord only knows what they are doing.
Yeah. Whips. chains... lingerie.
But I think my biggest takeaway
from the workshop with Alessandra
is just a reminder
that. like. intimacy
isn't just always about sex.
It's about so many other things.
So. I just kind of wanted to make
a fun memory
of redoing our wedding dance
together.
But also. I used to take Jeff.
and when we dated.
we went to lots of Asian fusion
restaurants.
So. yeah. probably the most romantic
thing I can think of
is a really nice. intimate.
like. candlelit dinner
and that's just so me
and so him. to be honest.
Oh. what?
(LAUGHS)
Come in. (LAUGHS)
Here's something I prepared earlier.
Have a seat.
Oh!
How good?
We've got a Japanese feast
ahead of us.
Oh! This is unreal!
Yeah.
You've done well.
Thank you.
It's just funny 'cause obviously
Japanese food.
like. we both have that
as our favourite.
Yeah.
Both love a red wine.
And yeah. like. I guess
how we show romance
is pretty much the same. yeah.
Yeah.
I was a little bit...
I was little bit worried. I didn't
know what I was walking into.
but her ultimate fantasy night
is basically the same as mine
and I guess that's why
we're so compatible
and we get along so well
is we're very similar people.
The things that were running
through my head.
(LAUGHS)
You probably walked in here
and was like. "Oh. phew!"
(LAUGHS)
"She's normal."
I honestly thought
there was going to be. like.
something happening on the bed.
I wasn't sure what was going on.
Was it funny in the workshop today.
like. hearing everyone else's
different version of romance?
Yes. I feel like mine
is very vanilla.
(LAUGHS)
But I'm happy with that for now.
No. vanilla's good.
If I was describing
my perfect night.
this would be basically it.
You've absolutely nailed it.
I'm pretty happy with the pace
we're moving at at the moment.
Every day has been better
than the last.
I feel more comfortable.
like. holding Rhi's hand
or giving her a cuddle.
giving her a kiss.
but it's very slow
and I think that's the perfect
pace for us the moment.
So. there's one more thing.
Yeah?
So. remember when we did
our wedding dance.
we couldn't really do it properly.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
Because my dress was in the way...
Yes.
..it was really. like. like a robot.
Yep.
I was thinking we can put the song
on now
and just redo the wedding dance
just for a moment
in the lounge room.
That's cute.
Is it?
Yeah. I'll do that.
OK.
Yeah.
Alright.
I think at the start. obviously.
just that big shock of walking down
the aisle to someone I knew
who I wasn't expecting.
yeah. I'm just really happy
we get to redo it again.
Just because we are so comfortable
with each other now.
Shall we dance?
(LAUGHS)
And that makes all the difference.
I'm dead!
(LAUGHTER)
(CHUCKLES)
We need the music.
There we go.
(LAUGHTER)
Here. do the spin.
Oh. you're doing the spin.
Oh. you were supposed to spin.
Ready. come back.
Spin the other way.
Oh. that's (BLEEP).
(LAUGHTER)
The pace that we're going now
and. like. what I'm feeling now.
I could probably see myself
falling for Jeff.
I think so.
Come back. Oh. yes!
(LAUGHS)
I looked over at Jeff
and he was looking at me
and I could see like in his eyes.
he was looking at me. like. "Are you
good? Like. I hope you're OK."
Like. it's almost like he's like.
"I've got you."
I love that about him.
What about a dip? Ready?
We'll go that way.
Just don't drop me.
Ready? Ready. set. go.
(LAUGHTER)
I don't even know what I'm doing.
It's too funny.
That was nice.
That is nice.
Thank you.
Mm-hm.
NARRATOR: Coming up...
At this point. I'm waiting for him
to complement me.
NARRATOR: Alessandra's
ultimate fantasy night tasks...
Snack.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm not a snack!
..take a turn for the worse...
Can you do it nicer?
..as the grooms struggle
to deliver the experience
their wives were hoping for.
Am I not doing it's nice?
Not really.
(SIGHS) I don't know
if there is a spark.
(LIVELY MUSIC)
NARRATOR: Having returned
from the adult toy store...
I've had a busy day. babe.
I bet you have.
I've not had a busy day.
..Sierah is yet to reveal her plans
for the night to husband. Billy.
(LAUGHS)
Do you know what I thought
was going to happen?
I thought what was going to happen
is I was going to see an octopus
with eight swinging dildos
coming through the door.
(LAUGHS)
That's actually a really good idea.
I wish I'd thought of that.
I feel a bit awkward
about this task actually
because I'm not an instigator when
it comes to affection or sexuality.
I'm very receptive of it.
but I would never kind of
be the one to start it.
Go on then. What are we doing?
No. we just had a...
(LAUGHTER)
Be serious. Billy.
Well. I...
I'm very attracted to him
and I hope he's very attracted
to me as well. He says he is.
but he's not touching me.
You need to do what you're told
tonight.
Yes. boss.
So. I need you to go to your room
like a naughty boy.
(LAUGHS)
And then I'll call you back
when I'm ready.
There's two rules.
(LAUGHS)
The first one. it's all about me.
Right.
The second one is you can't wear
clothes. (LAUGHS)
As in no clothes?
Yeah. you can wear knickers. but...
Knickers?
I don't want - I want to see
some skin.
Right.
I don't know. I feel like I'm going
to be attacked
by a very horny Sierah.
Your eyes. they've got a twinkle
in them. and it's worrying.
I hope this is a turning point
for Billy and I.
I would like to be there more
of a romantic sensual connection
with Billy. obviously.
That's why I've done this tonight
and organised everything.
I kind of want to massage Billy.
but I think in this case.
he should probably massage me
because he's not touching me
enough.
But I hope it's sexy
and it's not weird
or we're. like. making funny jokes
to each other.
Humour's my coping mechanism
but yeah. we're in the friend zone
at the moment
and if we don't kind of progress
from where we're at.
this is all it's going to be
and I think there is going to be
a point
where you can't really move
beyond that
if we don't kind of start making
progress.
Billy!
Yeah?
Come here.
(LAUGHS)
(BLEEP) hell!
(BLEEP)
Who's covered up the fish?
Don't let the fish see this.
(LAUGHS)
OK.
Do you want me to squirt this
all over your back or something?
Yeah. something like that.
(LAUGHS)
Don't! You'll get it in my hair!
Is that what you want me to do?
You've just ruined
a really nice moment!
Yeah. I was surprised.
Yeah. yeah. I was surprised.
I guess I didn't think she was going
to be facing the other direction
with her arse out.
Can you get on your knees
and do that a little bit nicely?
On my knees?
Yeah.
OK.
That was kind of
what I wanted. yeah.
Do it nice?
I am... Am I not doing it nice?
Not really.
Why am I not?
You're just slapping it around.
Well. what am I supposed
to do with it?
Give me a massage!
What am I doing?
I'm a bit more of a slow burner
in these kind of situations
and Sierah is quite full on.
Harder.
I'm attracted to Sierah but I don't
just want it to just be about sex.
I want it to be about everything.
That's really nice.
Can you go a little bit harder?
We've still got to remember.
let's keep this at a good pace
that works for both of us.
God. you complain a lot.
you know that?
Do I? Sorry.
Yeah.
You could seem a little bit more
enthusiastic.
Oh. god.
I don't think Billy thought
that was sexy.
I thought he thought it was funny.
Can you do it nicer?
I am! I am being...
This is supposed to be sensual.
Yeah. it did it did kind of feel
like Billy was rushing
through it quite a bit.
I don't know if it's 'cause he felt
uncomfortable
or it's 'cause he just didn't want
to do it.
(SIGHS) I don't know
if there is a spark.
Like. I want there to be 'cause
I'm really attracted to him
and I want it to progress further
and I like him.
But yeah. I don't know.
I don't know if we can get
to the point
where we're kind of serious
about this stuff.
You are confused.
Yes. I am!
I can see that.
I wasn't expecting
to do any of this today.
I think he just missed the point.
Hey!
Hello!
NARRATOR: Keen to get her ultimate
fantasy night started...
So. what should I start trying on?
(LAUGHTER)
..Jacqui has invited husband. Ryan.
to a private shopping session
at a lingerie store.
What would you love to try on?
What are you gravitating towards?
Ooh. Champagne?
(CORK POPS)
I chose to come here
and go lingerie shopping
because I think from Ryan. I need
him to admire me a little bit more.
Thank you.
Alright.
Now. we're getting in the mood. hey?
In the past. Ryan's expressed
that I'm not his physical type
and I really want him
to have a second chance
at making me feel like I'm really
beautiful and attractive to him.
NARRATOR: During their recent
photo ranking task...
OK. I'll put you third.
..Ryan placed Jacqui equal third
on the line-up.
I was very honest.
I'm not here to hurt feelings
but I'm also not here to bullshit.
NARRATOR: A decision his wife
did not take lightly.
(CRIES)
We're toasting to. um.
you making me feel
like the most beautiful girl
on the planet.
OK.
Cheers.
And also toasting to Intimacy Week.
Yeah. time to get...
Time to get intimate.
Yeah.
Time to get down
and a little bit dirty.
I don't know how dirty yet.
You know? Gonna need
a shovel maybe.
(LAUGHS)
Ooh. they've got the classiest
looking paddle I've ever seen.
I almost don't want to use it.
it's too nice.
"Use at your own risk."
(MAKES WHIPPING SOUNDS)
Oh. my lord!
That's like a weapon
of mass destruction right there.
Alright.
Hey. Jacqui?
Yeah?
How are we doing?
Coming!
Drum roll.
Ooh!
What do you think?
Shit!
Yeah?
(LAUGHS)
Mm-mm.
You like the red?
That's hot. eh?
Being red.
Just come over there
and put my hands around you.
Lingerie shopping with Ryan is fun.
Is the air-con on in here or...
(EXHALES)
But like. he doesn't know
what to say.
He's. you know. outside
of his comfort zone. for sure.
Hello! (LAUGHS)
Ooh!
Shit!
What do you think?
Mmm! Yeah!
(LAUGHS)
I think Ryan struggles with words
on how to complement a woman.
Mm-mm.
So. at this point. I'm waiting
for him to complement me.
Oh!
What about me?
Yeah. Oh. you look great. (CHUCKLES)
Yummy. (LAUGHS)
Mm-mm!
(LAUGHS)
Snack!
(CHUCKLES) Snack!
I'm not a snack!
No. I'm not a snack.
That's a compliment.
I know it's a compliment. I know.
Yeah. yeah.
That's why I'm saying. "Yummy."
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
That's not what you're supposed
to call me.
Yeah. yeah.
I think he needs
to increase his vocabulary.
Mmm!
He could maybe do some research
into some more words.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
Mmm.
Yeah. wow.
NARRATOR: Coming up...
Today. I really wanted you
to tell me
that I am the most attractive
girl in the room.
..Jacqui's mission for compliments
steps up a gear.
Like. give you a second chance.
I guess. to tell me.
NARRATOR: But can Ryan deliver
the goods?
OK. No pressure. no pressure. Um...
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
RYAN: Yeah. Polaroid. baby!
Ready?
(CAMERA CLICKS AND WHIRS)
Uh-oh.
NARRATOR: Following Ryan's inability
to deliver compliments
in the lingerie store...
(LAUGHS)
..Jacqui has suggested
a sexy photo shoot...
..as an opportunity
for him to try again.
Yes. yes!
My ultimate fantasy
is for my husband to want me.
like. I want to feel wanted.
and I'm trying to help him.
Like. and appreciate
that he's got a lot to learn.
So. this is about intimacy.
But not about sex.
I really want him
to have a second chance
at making me feel
like I'm really beautiful
and attractive to him.
For me. it's EXTREMELY important
that no matter...
Extremely!
No matter whether or not it's true
that I am the most attractive girl
in the room.
that my partner at least
makes me feel
like I am the most attractive girl
in the room.
So. like. today. I really wanted
that from you.
is for you to tell me that...
Like. give you a second chance.
I guess. to tell me...
Second chance.
OK. No pressure. no pressure. Um...
How can I do that?
With your words.
So. you can find things
to complement me on.
So. you can say.
"You've got very nice hair."
OK. yeah.
Like. I - I don't -
I'm not short of things
to complement you on.
You've got massive biceps.
huge pecs.
your eyes are gorgeous.
You know. like. I can say
all of that stuff
and actually genuinely mean it.
Definitely.
Yeah. I love your long hair.
Um... You go running
all the time and...
Yeah.
Yeah?
You do so much to take care
of yourself too.
You really look after your body
and...
I think...
I think. yeah. it's really.
really attractive
that you value your health.
Really attractive.
That was shit.
Like. Ryan's pretty clueless.
Like. he's 30 - how old?
36 and he doesn't know how to make
a woman feel good.
It's... Like it's no wonder
he's single.
I need from you to tell me
or make me feel
like I am wanted by you...
Yeah.
..and that you do care about me.
you do want to be with me.
I'm pretty sure he still doesn't
think that I'm his type.
We did the challenge
of physical attraction
and he put me. like.
third on the line.
Like. yeah. I don't feel
desired at all.
The feedback I'm delivering
is out of a place of wanting.
like. of the needs I need.
When I say something.
it's because I'm -
I want to have a conversation
about it. right?
So. like. today. I'm not. like.
I could've just hold my grudge
about the fact that you put me
third on the line-up
and just been so mad about it for
the rest of our experience together.
I could've been equally as mad...
Or I could've brought it up
and said. "Hey. look. Ryan.
"I am upset about this.
"I'm struggling to get over it."
The whole line-up challenge to me
was just kept purely
in the physical realm.
It was basically a personal view
of everyone's aesthetics
across the board. right?
So. there was nothing malicious
in it. there was no...
I get it. Ryan. but what I'm saying
is that. like...
I delivered the truth.
Yeah. like was it...
Don't... Just don't...
Just listen. OK?
The wrong way of doing the task.
in my view. is to sugar-coat it.
The experts on that bit of paper.
said. be honest.
don't be disingenuous. you know?
And I followed the instructions.
And meanwhile. she did it
more of a gesture.
Obviously. it's a little bit
of a sticking point.
I'm just telling you
that I was 100% real through it...
Yeah.
..and you took a different path.
I think we're just on two different
maturity levels in some ways.
I would like more compliments.
For me. the man that I am.
I've done a lot of work
and I will compromise
when it helps us as a team.
However. when it comes
to my values.
when it comes to expressing myself.
not gonna happen.
Today's challenge is for you
to make me feel
like the most beautiful girl
in the group.
Or - and the world.
Go on.
We are - OK. Well...
It's a challenge! Come on!
No. I...
No. I know that. but we're
kind of getting off topic
because you keep coming back
to that.
You keep talking about
the other brides in that challenge.
It's the point of the challenge!
If your wife doesn't look good
for the date.
you don't tell her
she doesn't look good.
You've got to sugar-coat things.
That's what - that's called
kindness.
I'm talking about the challenge
in particular
because you keep
coming back to that.
So. why don't we just
address it now?
And calmly as well.
We're not arguing. we're discussing
it maturely as two adults.
Yeah.
Can you do that?
Can you?
Yes.
OK. good. good.
I'm trying to with you.
When she started talking
about the line-up again
and she's like. "This is your
opportunity to fix your mistake."
Come on. Come on. that's...
That's an ultimatum.
that's a demand.
I don't respond to those.
(TENSE SOUNDTRACK)
I'm someone who's very organic.
I need to feel
like it's happening naturally.
I don't force anything. OK?
So. you giving me ultimatums
and forcing me into saying
this and that.
I'm not forcing you into anything.
I'm just telling you what I need
to be a happy wife.
Mm-hm.
Happy wife. happy life.
I hate that saying.
I don't need compliments
in order to feel happy.
OK? Because I've done a lot
of work on myself.
That's great. that's for you.
For me. I do.
I know. but for me.
intimacy is a two-way street.
so I need to feel
listened to as well.
And you will have your opportunity.
I think with every - I think
all the time is an opportunity.
This is an opportunity for me
to say...
We're relating to each other.
Tonight was supposed to be
a night for me.
I tried my hardest to set up
exactly what I needed from Ryan.
I made it so obvious.
I even told him.
Like. I don't know
what else I can do.
I (BLEEP) showed up.
put lingerie on.
I sat him on the couch and I said.
"Hey. look. like.
this is how I'm feeling.
"All I need to do - I know
it's not true. it's a white lie.
"Just say it."
This is not a conversation
about you.
This is a conversation
about my needs.
Yeah. but just maybe use
another example
rather than physical appearance
if you can.
OK. so I am offended that you don't
make me feel beautiful.
OK. so is that just today
or overall?
'Cause remember. you haven't put
any of your standards aside.
I am interested in balance...
..and you haven't been with a man
like me before
and it's really challenging you.
OK? But I'm not going to change.
I didn't come here to compromise
my character.
Well. I did come here to compromise
and I am compromising.
I came here to learn
and be a better man through it all.
You're asking me to take back
something I did.
I'm not asking you
to take that back.
I'm just saying. this was your
opportunity...
I want you to never ever bring
the line-up up again
if that's the way you're going
to approach it. alright?
I'm not bringing up the past.
I am giving you
a present opportunity.
How hard is it to just be like.
"Hey. I made a mistake.
You're (BLEEP) gorgeous."
Like...
NARRATOR: Tomorrow night...
Welcome!
NARRATOR: It's the husbands' turn
to open up to Alessandra.
Do you feel it brought you guys
together?
The painting. that really felt nice
to just have that connection
with her there.
It was one of the best things
I've ever done.
Mmm!
NARRATOR: And then...
I was going to say. like.
that's...
What?
..Ryan's...
Absolutely. like. (BLEEP).
..unfiltered...
(CHUCKLES)
..comments...
And you know what?
It was like (BLEEP).
(GASPS)
..sending shockwaves
through the experiment.
Stop!
What's wrong with some people?
I'm just gobsmacked
hearing that type of comment.
Captioned by AI-Media
ai-media.tv